README.md, before:

# UAISOCCER [![Build Status](https://snap-ci.com/raigons/uaisoccer/branch/master/build_image)](https://snap-ci.com/raigons/uaisoccer/branch/master)
Easily schedule soccer championships.

* Installation
  * [Install Ansible and Vagrant](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#install-ansible-and-vagrant)
  * [Install Bower and Node Dependecies](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#install-bower-and-node-dependecies)
* Running Project
  * [Running Vagrant](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#running-vagrant)  
  * [Running Api](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#run-api) 
  * [Running App](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#run-app) 

## Install Ansible and Vagrant

1. Install [ANSIBLE](http://www.ansible.com "ansible")

2. Install [VAGRANT](http://www.vagrantup.com/ "vagrant") and [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads "virtualbox")

## Running Vagrant

1. On terminal, move to your project folder `cd projectPath` and then run the following commands:
2. `$ vagrant up` to start you vagrant box.
3. `$ vagrant ssh` to acess your vagrant box with ssh.

## Install Bower and Node Dependecies 

1. [Run Vagrant](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#running-vagrant) if it is not running yet.
2. `$ cd /vagrant/` to navigate to project folder.
3. `$ bower install` to install bower dependencies
4. `$ npm install` to install node dependencies

## Run API

1. [Run Vagrant](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#running-vagrant) if it is not running yet.
2. `$ cd /vagrant/api` to navigate to api folder.
3. `$ gradle tomcatRun` to run tomcat container.

Now you can acess the API in the address: http://localhost:8080/api

## Run APP

1. [Run Vagrant](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#running-vagrant) if it is not running yet.
2. `$ cd /vagrant/` to navigate to project folder.
3. `$ gulp serve` to run app server.
 
Now you can acess the APP in the address: http://localhost:9000

Commit message:

Adding aliases to provisioning process
@Charles @FFrancieli @Felipead

README.md, after:

# UAISOCCER [![Build Status](https://snap-ci.com/raigons/uaisoccer/branch/master/build_image)](https://snap-ci.com/raigons/uaisoccer/branch/master)
Easily schedule soccer championships.

* Installation
  * [Install Ansible and Vagrant](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#install-ansible-and-vagrant)
  * [Install Bower and Node Dependecies](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#install-bower-and-node-dependecies)
* Running Project
  * [Useful Aliases](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#useful-aliases)  

## Install Ansible and Vagrant

1. Install [Ansible](http://www.ansible.com "ansible")

2. Install [Vagrant](http://www.vagrantup.com/ "vagrant") and [VirtualBox](https://www.virtualbox.org/wiki/Downloads "virtualbox")

3. Install [Vagrant Cachier Plugin](http://fgrehm.viewdocs.io/vagrant-cachier "vagrant cachier")

## Running Vagrant

1. On terminal, move to your project folder `cd projectPath` and then run the following commands:
2. `$ vagrant up` to start you vagrant box.
3. `$ vagrant ssh` to acess your vagrant box with ssh.

## Useful Aliases
[Some useful aliases to get you started](https://github.com/raigons/uaisoccer#useful-aliases)
1. `$ idp` to install bower and node dependencies if not yet installed
2. `$ rapi` to run api if not running. Now you can access the API in the address: http://localhost:8090/api
3. `$ rapp` to run the app server if not running. Now you can access the APP in the address: http://localhost:9000
